Battleship
View/Controller Initialization and GUI design

Classes:
MainVC.java
ViewCon.java
PreBoard.java
P1Board.java
P2Board.java

MainVC is the main method. MainVC instantiates a ViewCon class. The ViewCon class is our communication
class between the model and the View/Controller.

It will be responsible for instantiating a BattleShipGame class, and from then on
querying the model during setup to verify the ships placement positions, 
and will be responsible for telling the model to exit setup mode and enter game mode.

Steps:
ViewCon will create 3 instances: A PreBoard, P1Board, and P2Board. The PreBoard is responsible for getting the username 
from both player1 and player2. After PreBoard has done its work it will close and be forgotten.

ViewCon will then call the start method on the PreBoard, P1Board, and P2Board. After all boards have been set and 
verified, PreBoard will be closed, and the game will officially leave setup mode and enter game mode.

For the rest of the game, when the user makes inputs, the ViewCon	 will pass user input to the model, which will 
validate and process input, and send a query back to the view/controller to update the game view. 

Visuals:
The user setup window will pop up upon instantiation of the main call. It will demand the user type a name. If the 
user leaves the name field blank, the players name will default to “Player1”. After the submit button is clicked on 
the setup window, the first players game setup board will show. The window will ask the user to pick a ship from a 
choice of 5 buttons. After the ship is picked, all buttons will disable to prevent the user from clicking any other 
ships until the first ship is verified by the model and placed. After the first ship is placed, the corresponding 
button will disappear and the remaining buttons will re-enable, asking the user to pick their second ship for 
placement. This will go on until everything has been validated, and all classes have been instantiated and set on the
model side. At this point, the player setup board will hide, which will then show the user setup window for a second 
time. This time, the user setup window will act as it did above, however it will save the username for player 2, and 
open up player 2’s setup board. The player2 setup board will behave in the same way as above, until all of player 2’s 
ships have been validated and placed. At this point in time, the view/controller will notify the model to exit setup 
mode and enter game mode.

Game Mode:
By default, Player 1’s board will show first, and it will be player 1’s turn for the first offensive move. The user 
will click on any of the buttons on the 100 button grid, and the view/controller will query the model with a 
corresponding location. If the model returns a hit, the corresponding grid background image will change to the “hit” 
image. If the model returns a miss, the corresponding grid background image will change to the “miss” image. As soon as
the player sinks an enemy ship, there will be a sub window on the right side of the offensive player’s board that will
update and keep track of enemy ships sunk. There will be no graphics here, just a list of the name of the enemy ship 
sunk. Once a player successfully sinks all the enemy ships, the game will immediately suspend, and the winning player’s 
board will display a notification stating that they have won, whilst the defensive player will receive a notification 
stating that they have lost. Either player will be able to click a button to either reset and start a new game, or to
close the application.

